========================================================
Job Name: miniconda_testcase_3
Job ID: 5131
Job Node: d0038
Start Time: Tue Jan 14 03:13:40 PM EST 2025
========================================================
Step 1: Loading Miniconda module
Step 2: Testing conda commands
Checking conda info:

     active environment : None
       user config file : /home/r.dharmappa/.condarc
 populated config files : /shared/EL9/explorer/Miniconda/24.11.1/miniconda3/.condarc
                          /home/r.dharmappa/.condarc
          conda version : 24.11.1
    conda-build version : not installed
         python version : 3.10.16.final.0
                 solver : libmamba (default)
       virtual packages : __archspec=1=cascadelake
                          __conda=24.11.1=0
                          __glibc=2.34=0
                          __linux=5.14.0=0
                          __unix=0=0
       base environment : /shared/EL9/explorer/Miniconda/24.11.1/miniconda3  (read only)
      conda av data dir : /shared/EL9/explorer/Miniconda/24.11.1/miniconda3/etc/conda
  conda av metadata url : None
           channel URLs : https://conda.anaconda.org/conda-forge/linux-64
                          https://conda.anaconda.org/conda-forge/noarch
                          https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/main/linux-64
                          https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/main/noarch
                          https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/r/linux-64
                          https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/r/noarch
          package cache : /shared/EL9/explorer/Miniconda/24.11.1/miniconda3/pkgs
                          /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/pkgs
       envs directories : /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs
                          /shared/EL9/explorer/Miniconda/24.11.1/miniconda3/envs
               platform : linux-64
             user-agent : conda/24.11.1 requests/2.32.3 CPython/3.10.16 Linux/5.14.0-362.13.1.el9_3.x86_64 rocky/9.3 glibc/2.34 solver/libmamba conda-libmamba-solver/24.9.0 libmambapy/1.5.11 aau/0.5.0 c/. s/.
                UID:GID : 92099:100
             netrc file : None
           offline mode : False

Step 3: Listing available environments

# conda environments:
#
azure_function_env     /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/azure_function_env
data_analysis_env      /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/data_analysis_env
faiss_env              /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/faiss_env
my_pandas_env          /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/my_pandas_env
ncl_env                /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/ncl_env
py_env                 /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/py_env
sample-env             /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/sample-env
surreal                /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/surreal
theno_master           /home/r.dharmappa/.conda/envs/theno_master
base                   /shared/EL9/explorer/Miniconda/24.11.1/miniconda3

Step 4: Testing conda search functionality
Loading channels: - \ | / - \ | / - \ | / - \ | / - \ | / - \ | / - \ | / - \ | / done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
python                         1.0.1               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.2               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.3               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.4               0  conda-forge         
python                         1.5.2               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.6               0  conda-forge         
python                           2.0               0  conda-forge         
python                         2.6.9               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.12               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.12               1  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.12               2  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.13               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.13               1  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.13     hac47a24_15  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.13     heccc3f1_16  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.13     hfff3488_13  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               1  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               2  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               3  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               4  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               5  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14     h1571d57_29  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h1571d57_30  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h1571d57_31  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h1aa7481_19  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h435b27a_18  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h89e7a4a_22  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h91f54f5_26  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h931c8b0_15  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     h9b67528_20  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     ha6fc286_23  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     hc2b0042_21  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     hdd48546_24  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.14     hf918d8d_16  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.15               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h1571d57_0  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.15      h33da82c_1  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h33da82c_3  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h33da82c_4  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h33da82c_5  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h33da82c_6  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h5a48372_1009  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15 h5a48372_1010_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15 h5a48372_1011_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h721da81_1008  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h77bded6_1  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.15      h77bded6_2  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.15   h938d71a_1001  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h938d71a_1002  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h938d71a_1003  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h938d71a_1004  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h938d71a_1005  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h938d71a_1006  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h9bab390_2  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.15      h9bab390_4  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.15      h9bab390_6  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.15      h9fef7bc_0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.16      h8b3fad2_1  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.16      h8b3fad2_2  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.16      h8b3fad2_3  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.16      h8b3fad2_4  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.16      h8b3fad2_5  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.16      h9bab390_0  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.16      h9bab390_6  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.16      h9bab390_7  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.17      h9bab390_0  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.18      h02575d3_0  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.18      h15b4118_1  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.18      h42bf7aa_3  pkgs/main           
python                        2.7.18      ha1903f6_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.4.5               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.4.5               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.4.5               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.1               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.1               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               4  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               5  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4     h00c01ad_19  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     h0b4c808_22  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     h2170f06_12  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     h3075507_18  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     h417fded_24  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     h56e0582_23  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     h72f0b78_15  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     hb43c6bb_21  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     hc053d89_14  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     hc3d631a_27  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.4     he2c66cf_20  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.5               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.5               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.5      h5001a0f_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.5      hc3d631a_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.5      hc3d631a_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.5      hc3d631a_3  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.5      hc3d631a_4  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.6      h12debd9_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.5.6      hc3d631a_0  pkgs/main           
python                       3.6.0a3               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0a4               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b1               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b2               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b2               1  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b3               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b4               0  conda-forge         
python                      3.6.0rc1               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.0               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.0               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.0               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.2               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.2     h02fb82a_12  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.2     h0b30769_14  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.2     h33255ae_18  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.2     hca45abc_19  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.2     hdfe5801_15  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.3               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               4  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3      h0ef2715_3  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.3      h1284df2_4  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.3      h6c0c0dc_5  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.3      hc9025b9_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.3      hcad60d5_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.3      hefd0734_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.4               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.4      hc3d631a_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.4      hc3d631a_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.4      hc3d631a_3  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.5               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.5               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.5      hc3d631a_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.5      hc3d631a_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.5      hc3d631a_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.6      h5001a0f_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6      h5001a0f_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6      h5001a0f_3  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6      h6e4f718_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.6      hc3d631a_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.6   hd21baee_1000  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6   hd21baee_1001  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6   hd21baee_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6   hd21baee_1003  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7      h0371630_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.7   h357f687_1005  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h357f687_1006  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7 h357f687_1008_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h381d211_1004  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7      h5001a0f_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7      h5001a0f_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   hd21baee_1000  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   hd21baee_1001  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   hd21baee_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.8      h0371630_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.9       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.9       2_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.9       3_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.9      h265db76_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.6.9 h9d8adfe_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10      h0371630_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.6.10      h191fe78_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.6.10      h7579374_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.6.10 h8356626_1010_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10 h8356626_1011_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10 h9d8adfe_1009_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10      hcf32534_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.6.10 he5300dc_1010_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10 he5300dc_1011_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h425cb1d_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h425cb1d_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h425cb1d_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h4d41432_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h4d41432_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h4d41432_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h6f2ec95_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h6f2ec95_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h6f2ec95_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 hffdb5ce_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.12       4_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.12       5_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.12      hcff3b4d_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.6.12 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.13      h12debd9_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.6.13 hb7a2778_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.13 hb7a2778_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.13      hdb3f193_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.6.13 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.15 hb7a2778_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h5001a0f_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h5001a0f_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h5001a0f_4  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h5001a0f_6  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h6e4f718_3  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.0      hc3d631a_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.0   hd21baee_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   hd21baee_1003  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   hd21baee_1004  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   hd21baee_1005  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   hd21baee_1006  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      hfd72cd7_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1      h0371630_3  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.1      h0371630_7  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.1   h381d211_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1   h381d211_1003  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1      h5001a0f_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1   hd21baee_1000  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1   hd21baee_1001  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.2      h0371630_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.2      h381d211_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.3      h0371630_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.3      h33d41f4_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.3      h357f687_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.3      h5b0a415_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.4      h265db76_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.4      h265db76_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.5      h0371630_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.5 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 cpython_h8356626_6  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 cpython_he5300dc_6  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6      h0371630_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.6      h357f687_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6      h357f687_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 h357f687_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 h357f687_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 h8356626_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 he5300dc_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.7 h191fe78_0_cpython  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.7 hcf32534_0_cpython  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.7      hcff3b4d_4  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.7      hcff3b4d_5  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.8 h425cb1d_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h425cb1d_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h4d41432_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h4d41432_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h6238437_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h6f2ec95_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h6f2ec95_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h8bdb77d_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 hdad413e_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 hffdb5ce_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9       4_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9       5_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9      h7579374_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.7.9 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9 hffdb5ce_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10       1_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10      h12debd9_4  pkgs/main           
python                        3.7.10 hb7a2778_101_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hb7a2778_102_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hb7a2778_103_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hb7a2778_104_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10      hdb3f193_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.7.10 hf930737_102_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hf930737_103_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hf930737_104_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hffdb5ce_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.11      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.7.12       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.12 hb7a2778_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.12 hf930737_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.13      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.7.13      haa1d7c7_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.7.15      h7a1cb2a_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.7.15      haa1d7c7_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.7.16      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.0      h0371630_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.0      h0371630_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.0      h0371630_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.0      h357f687_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      h357f687_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      h357f687_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      h357f687_3  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      h357f687_4  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      h357f687_5  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.1      h0371630_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.1      h357f687_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.1      h357f687_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2      h191fe78_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.2 h8356626_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 h8356626_6_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 h8356626_7_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 h9d8adfe_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2      hcf32534_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.2     hcff3b4d_13  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.2     hcff3b4d_14  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.2 he5300dc_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 he5300dc_6_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 he5300dc_7_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.3 cpython_h8356626_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.3 cpython_he5300dc_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.3      hcff3b4d_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.3      hcff3b4d_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.4 cpython_h425cb1d_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.4 cpython_h6f2ec95_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 0_native223_graalpy  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 cpython_h425cb1d_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 cpython_h4d41432_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 cpython_h6f2ec95_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5      h1103e12_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h1103e12_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h1103e12_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h1103e12_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h1103e12_6_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h1103e12_7_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h1103e12_8_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h1103e12_9_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h425cb1d_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h425cb1d_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h4d41432_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h4d41432_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h6f2ec95_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h6f2ec95_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5      h7579374_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.5      hcff3b4d_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.6 h852b56e_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 hffdb5ce_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 hffdb5ce_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 hffdb5ce_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 hffdb5ce_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 hffdb5ce_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.8      hdb3f193_4  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.8      hdb3f193_5  pkgs/main           
python                         3.8.8 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.10      h12debd9_8  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.10 h49503c6_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.10 hb7a2778_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.10      hdb3f193_7  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.10 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.11 h12debd9_0_cpython  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.12       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h0744224_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.12 ha38a3c6_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 hb7a2778_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 hb7a2778_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 hb7a2778_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 hf930737_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 hf930737_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.13       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.13      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.13 h582c2e5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.13 ha86cf86_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.13      haa1d7c7_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.14 h257c98d_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.14 h4a9ceb5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.15 h257c98d_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.15      h3fd9d12_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.15 h4a9ceb5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.15      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.15 he550d4f_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.16       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.16      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.16      h7a1cb2a_3  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.16      h955ad1f_4  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.16 he550d4f_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.17      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.17      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.17 he550d4f_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.18      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.18      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.18 hd12c33a_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.18 hd12c33a_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.19      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.8.19 hd12c33a_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.20 h4a871b0_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.20 h4a871b0_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.20 h4a871b0_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.20      he870216_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.0 h2a148a8_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h852b56e_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h852b56e_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h852b56e_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0      hcff3b4d_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.0      hdb3f193_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.0 hffdb5ce_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1      hdb3f193_2  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.1 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 hffdb5ce_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 hffdb5ce_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 hffdb5ce_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 hffdb5ce_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 hffdb5ce_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.2      hdb3f193_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.2 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.4      hdb3f193_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.4 hffdb5ce_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.5      h12debd9_4  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.5 h49503c6_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.5      hdb3f193_3  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.6      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.6      h12debd9_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.6 h49503c6_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.6 h49503c6_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7      h12debd9_1  pkgs/main           
python                         3.9.7 h49503c6_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 hb7a2778_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 hb7a2778_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 hb7a2778_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 hf930737_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.9 h543edf9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.9 h62f1059_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 h85951f9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 h85951f9_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 h85951f9_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 hc74c709_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 hc74c709_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 hc74c709_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.11      h12debd9_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.11      h12debd9_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.12       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.12      h12debd9_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.12 h2660328_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12 h2660328_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12 h9a8a25e_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12 h9a8a25e_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.13 h2660328_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.13 h9a8a25e_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.13      haa1d7c7_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.13      haa1d7c7_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.14 h47a2c10_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.14 hba424b6_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.15 h47a2c10_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.15      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.15      haa1d7c7_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.15 hba424b6_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.16       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.16 h2782a2a_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.16      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.16      h7a1cb2a_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.16      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.16      h955ad1f_3  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.17       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.17 h0755675_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.17      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.17      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.18       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.18       1_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.18 h0755675_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.18 h0755675_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.18      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.18      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.19 h0755675_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.19      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.19      h955ad1f_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.20 h13acc7a_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.20 h13acc7a_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.20      he870216_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.9.21 h9c0c6dc_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.21      he870216_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.0      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.0      h12debd9_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.0      h12debd9_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.0      h12debd9_4  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.0      h12debd9_5  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.0      h151d27f_3  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.0 h543edf9_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h543edf9_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h543edf9_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h62f1059_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h62f1059_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h62f1059_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h543edf9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h543edf9_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h543edf9_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h62f1059_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h62f1059_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h62f1059_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h543edf9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h62f1059_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h85951f9_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h85951f9_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h85951f9_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h85951f9_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hc74c709_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hc74c709_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hc74c709_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hc74c709_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.3      h12debd9_5  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.4      h12debd9_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.4 h2660328_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.4 h9a8a25e_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.5 h582c2e5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.5 ha86cf86_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.6 h582c2e5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.6 ha86cf86_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.6      haa1d7c7_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.6      haa1d7c7_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.7 h257c98d_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.7 h4a9ceb5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.8 0_native230_graalpy  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.8 h257c98d_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.8 h4a9ceb5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.8      h7a1cb2a_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.8      haa1d7c7_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.9      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.9      h7a1cb2a_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.9      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.10.9 he550d4f_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.10      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.10 he550d4f_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.11      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.11      h955ad1f_3  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.11 he550d4f_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.12      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.12      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.12 hd12c33a_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.13      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.13      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.13 hd12c33a_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.13 hd12c33a_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.14      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.14      h955ad1f_1  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.14 hd12c33a_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.15 h4a871b0_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.15 h4a871b0_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.15 h4a871b0_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.15      he870216_1  pkgs/main           
python                       3.10.16 he725a3c_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.16      he870216_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.0 h10a6764_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.0 h582c2e5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.0      h7a1cb2a_2  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.0      h7a1cb2a_3  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.0 ha86cf86_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.0 he550d4f_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.1 h2755cc3_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.2 h2755cc3_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.2      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.3 h2755cc3_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.3      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.3      h955ad1f_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.4      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.4      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.4 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.5      h7a1cb2a_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.5      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.5 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.6 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.7      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.7 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.7 hab00c5b_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.8      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.8 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.9      h955ad1f_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.11.9 hb806964_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.11.10 hc5c86c4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.11.10 hc5c86c4_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.11.10 hc5c86c4_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.11.10 hc5c86c4_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.11.10      he870216_0  pkgs/main           
python                       3.11.11 h9e4cc4f_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.11.11      he870216_0  pkgs/main           
python                     3.12.0rc3 rc3_hab00c5b_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.0      h996f2a0_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.0 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.1      h996f2a0_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.1 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.1 hab00c5b_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.2      h996f2a0_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.2 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.3      h996f2a0_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.3      h996f2a0_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.3 hab00c5b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.4 h194c7f8_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.4      h5148396_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.5 h2ad013b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.5      h5148396_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.6      h5148396_1  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.6 hc5c86c4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.6 hc5c86c4_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.6 hc5c86c4_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.7      h5148396_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.7 hc5c86c4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.12.8      h5148396_0  pkgs/main           
python                        3.12.8 h9e4cc4f_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc1 h3b4618f_0_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc1 h3b4618f_1_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc1 h3b4618f_2_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc1 he2a0704_100_cp313  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc1 he2a0704_101_cp313  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc1 he2a0704_102_cp313  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h6355ac2_0_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h6355ac2_1_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h6355ac2_2_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h6355ac2_3_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h9ebbce0_100_cp313  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h9ebbce0_101_cp313  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h9ebbce0_102_cp313  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc2 h9ebbce0_103_cp313  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc3 h6355ac2_0_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                     3.13.0rc3 h9ebbce0_100_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.0 h6355ac2_0_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.0 h6355ac2_1_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.0 h9ebbce0_100_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.0 h9ebbce0_101_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.0 hf623796_100_cp313  pkgs/main           
python                        3.13.1 h9a34b6e_1_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 h9a34b6e_2_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 h9a34b6e_3_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 h9a34b6e_4_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 h9a34b6e_5_cp313t  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 ha99a958_101_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 ha99a958_102_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 ha99a958_103_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 ha99a958_104_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 ha99a958_105_cp313  conda-forge         
python                        3.13.1 hf623796_100_cp313  pkgs/main           
Step 5: Testing conda channel functionality
channels:
  - conda-forge
  - defaults
  - https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/main
  - https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/r
========================================================
Exiting Compute Node: d0038
End Time: Tue Jan 14 03:14:17 PM EST 2025
========================================================
